Request for an additional item or opportunity.
Requesting more of something because it is dry or lacking in moisture.
Requesting additional quantity or servings of something delicious or enjoyable.
Requesting additional items or actions to be added to a list or completed, indicating a desire for more.
Requesting additional quantity or extent of something, expressing desire for more of a particular item or action.
Requesting additional quantity or portions of something. Expressing desire for more of a particular item or experience.
Requesting additional quantity or servings of something. Asking for more of a desired item or action.
Assuming there are additional items beyond the specified amount.
Inquire about the total amount or quantity.
An additional 20 items or units are needed or available.
Is there more available?
Additional; greater in quantity or degree; further; extra; increased; higher; beyond; surpassing; exceeding; supplementary; extended; larger.
Three short words for a small quantity.
Additional; greater in quantity or degree; further; another; extra; increased; higher; added; supplementary; exceeding; plus; beyond.
. More is an adjective indicating a greater amount or quantity of something.
An additional 30.
Additional; greater in amount or degree.
Requesting an additional 20 of something, indicating a desire for more of a particular item or quantity.
Requesting an additional twenty items or units.
way to say "in addition" or "furthermore"; used to introduce a new point or idea in a conversation.
Requesting a quantity of one hundred items, objects, or units.
More of something is desired or needed; an increase or addition is required to fulfill a certain need or want.
Additional; further; greater in amount, degree, or extent.
Requesting an additional quantity of five items.
Additional; greater in quantity or degree.
A greater amount or number of something; additional or extra; further; additional; extra; in addition; moreover; again.
Requesting twenty additional items identical to the one previously received.
Requesting an additional 10 of something.
Requesting additional information or clarification, asking for 20 more words to complete the explanation or answer.