Need to build site with different rendering based on device (iOS, Android, mobile). Requesting help to understand implementation process.
How to view mobile site version while running local development environment in WSL on VS code.
Using desktop with mobile on, but considering trying direct phone connection. Currently not a priority.
Edit to differentiate between ios and android in the same way.
Imports fonts, metadata, and components, sets page title and description, renders OpenMic logo and content using React and PostHogPageView.
The code sets platform variable based on user device, showing relevant bubble for iOS or Android, both for desktop.
Function Home sets platform variable based on user-agent, defaulting to desktop, then uses it for further processing.
Center the App Store button on the page if the platform is iOS.
Conditional rendering based on platform; overhaul to screen size-based rendering, keep device-specific button rendering. Update ios and android for small vertical screens.
Change current conditional based on platform to one based on screen height and width instead of desktop platform.
Default platform is desktop, but changes to android or iOS based on user-agent. Page includes title, icon, and background image.
This code imports useState and useEffect from React, sets state for screen size, updates on resize, and conditionally renders content.
Want to keep as server component but need conditional based on screen size. Is there a solution for this issue?
{/* Conditional rendering based on platform */}
{desktop && (
The code exports a function for the Home component with conditional rendering based on the platform (desktop, iOS, or Android).
Text content for iOS promoting OpenMic app with a call to action to find musical collaborators and download the app on iOS.
On small screens, this code displays a message inviting users to find musical collaborators on OpenMic through an iOS app.
Display App Store and Google Play buttons for desktop platform in addition to ios and android platforms respectively.
Pixel dimensions vary among iPhone and Android models, requiring specific research for accurate information on each device's display resolution.
Instagram users cannot see who viewed their profile, as the platform does not provide this information to users.
A splash screen is a graphical introduction displayed when a software program is loading to enhance user experience.
Concerns about attention war with apps like TikTok, Facebook, Instagram, brainrot, doom scrolling, excessive screen time, Brave New World, 1984.
My laptop is a Chromebook, just so you know.
Don't have apps on phone, but get sucked into browser versions.
Leechblock is a browser extension that helps users limit their time spent on certain websites to increase productivity.
Inquire about adding LeechBlock to Safari on iPhone for improved productivity and reduced distractions while browsing.
Screen time block easily bypassed, button shows when blocked. Need Safari for productivity, doesn't make sense to block overall.